[MUSIC PLAYING]
[THEME MUSIC]
>>EMERY SMITH: Today,
on "Cosmic Disclosure,"
we're at an undisclosed
location with Tim.
Tim is a tactical advisor in
the covert governance in Germany
who analyzes and suggests
various strategies in relation
to extraterrestrial groups
in contact with Earth.
Tim, welcome to the show.
>>TIM: Thank you, Emery.
>>EMERY: When we last
spoke, you needed
to be vague about
certain topics.
What has changed since
then in the world?
>>TIM: We have the
Pentagon Report, which has,
at least, acknowledged
the existence
of different phenomena
in the world.
And we also see that mainstream
media are covering the stories.
So this is the way information
gets spread all over the world.
>>EMERY: You were very hesitant
to speak about the different ET
races when you
were asked, but you
mentioned at least two big
players of the universe.
Can we explore that
together today?
>>TIM: So in this phase
of the global development,
we can talk more about ET races.
And we're going to explore
one of the big players,
maybe today, which
are the Greys.
>>EMERY: What are the other ET
races you are familiar with,
and can you describe them?
>>TIM: Most common are two types
of lizard or reptilian kind
of beings, which
is, on the one hand,
a type of being that looks
like a lizard, which means
it has a snout and
a tail, they're
the second kind of common
being, type of lizard being.
These are reptilian beings
that do not look like lizards.
They do have some
other type of structure
they developed over that.
You wouldn't say
that this is lizard.
They appear on Earth and
they tend to be more--
they tend to have a greater
consciousness about what's
going on in the world.
>>EMERY: So how are they getting
here, and what type of craft
are you aware of, if any?
>>TIM: So I'm not
an expert on crafts,
but when they appear on Earth,
they try to do it covertly.
Because they kind of can move
the appearance of their skin
into the direction they
want, but they also
used to bring out their
consciousness around them
so they can appear
in certain ways.
>>EMERY: What you're saying
is they have the ability
to morph into something through
consciousness by blocking like,
a field of energy
where I wouldn't
know if you were reptilian.
You could be blocking me and
all these cameras right now.
>>TIM: True.
So the thing is,
there is technology
that can reveal that.
So you either use scanners
to monitor the frequency,
or you use a DNA test.
So when you use
a DNA test, which
is through the
nose or something,
you can find out which DNA
parts of the world have.
>>EMERY: Tim, from
your intel background,
what can you say
about these beings?
>>TIM: So, we on the one hand,
we have insectoids that--
for example, those
praying mantis
types, which are closely
allied to the Greys.
They used to work with them.
They have a scientific role
in the system of the Greys.
But on the other
hand, we, for example,
find evidence for another
kind of insectoid species
here on Earth, which is
resembling an ant-type species.
And we also find in old
text that this species
had a role when the flood came
and the ancient people went
down, down into the Earth.
So they rescued them.
And also, if you Google it,
you will see all these carvings
on the wall from
ancient people who
drew this kind of
ant people that
helped them survive the floods.
>>EMERY: Do we know
where they come from
and what they may want with us?
>>TIM: So some come from
a total different reality,
and they interact
with this reality
because everything is
connected, as you know.
Some others come from different
planets inside of this star
system or outside of it.
And they all have
their own agenda.
There are also
beings that are here
to consume experiences
which they could not
make in other places.
These are pretty exotic beings.
Like, for example,
there is one type
of being that gets into
the experience of humans
and tries to extract it
so then, they can benefit
from that without making
the traumatic experience,
for example, war.
This is something they do not
see a sense in experiencing,
while people on Earth, there
are some that have the destiny
to experience that.
And they consume this kind of
experience so they can learn.
>>EMERY: How do they do that?
And who are they?
>>TIM: So this is a special type
of higher frequential being.
They do not have a
planetary system anymore.
I don't know where
their origin is from,
but what they do is to take
the experience that a human has
made and collect it.
So I'll make it more clear
to you in an example.
We've found one military person.
He was kind of drawn from
his craft and was away.
So we've learned that
this interfrequential
being used technology to
draw the consciousness
and the experience of somebody.
And in the way this person
feels that everything
we're experiencing
in this field is just
like some kind of
dream, and they will--
what they experience
in that case will--
it's like waking up
gently from a dream.
From an outside
perspective, it seems
that this pilot
experienced a sudden death,
but from an inside
perspective, both consciousness
of the beings and the
consciousness of the pilot,
they merged.
So that means that this pilot
suddenly experienced a shift
to his consciousness
and reality,
and it also clears the
traumatic experiences
that he had in this lifetime.
>>EMERY: You have deep
knowledge about the Greys
that we will explore
over the course
of the next few episodes.
Why are the Greys
so significant?
>>TIM: Because they are
kind of the stereotype
of alien beings in
pop culture, as well
as on a governmental level.
>>EMERY: Why is that?
>>TIM: OK, the Greys
are lacking kind
of a spiritual development.
They have evolved
artificially, and they also--
and we will come to that later.
They also came to a dead
end in a previous version
of the universe.
So what they now do
is trying to correct
their own life and their
own breedings by evolving,
and by also benefiting from the
experience other species have.
So the Earth has a
very high potential--
and we will come back to that--
in experiences, and the
Greys do benefit from that.
>>EMERY: Which ET races do
our governments interact with?
>>TIM: So there
are three reasons
to interact from the viewpoint
of the government with an ET
race.
One, technology, which is a
very, very important issue
for the government.
Two is the threat.
There are ET races that oppose
a threat onto the status quo
system of the government.
And the third option is trade.
So what we see in
the last category,
that especially
humanoid species, when
we have similar
conditions of the planets
fall under this
category, we have
species that are also
warrior-type species,
just as humans are.
Because humans have many--
have been manipulated this way,
that they develop
some kind of attitude
towards military
and war, which is
called a warrior-type species.
So there are other
warrior-type species.
And the first option
is technology.
And under this category
falls, for example, the Greys.
The Greys offered
a lot of technology
to the Earth system
and the government
in order to move the development
of the Earth and the society
into a certain
direction, but they also
were contracting
or doing contracts
with a lot of governments.
>>EMERY: Tim, what are their
agendas to influence humanity
that you know of?
>>TIM: Yes.
So we know that the
Greys in particular
have a certain agenda to
the planet because they have
human material here
on Earth that they
need to ascend to another
level of consciousness, which
has to do with the genetic
manipulation of the species
here.
And we will come
to that in detail.
But I give you an example of
a contract that has been made.
We all know, for
example, that some crafts
are given to the species,
the human species,
to make them move forward
technological wise.
>>EMERY: Did they reach
out to individuals,
or do they interact with our
government and militaries only?
>>TIM: Interesting question.
So normally, species
interact on the level
that they know or
they are used to.
We have, for example,
interfrequential beings
do not--
who went further than having
a governmental structure
or something, so they
tend to communicate
on a different level, mostly
on an individual level.
But we also have species
that are very hierarchically
organized and have
this kind of society.
And the Greys fall under
this kind of category,
so they very much communicated
to the governments,
especially in the first days.
>>EMERY: So, Tim, in what
way are they influencing us
on Earth?
>>TIM: One thing that the Greys
always have been very cautious
about is the way--
the health of the timeline and
the development on this planet.
In the last step, what
was really important
was giving an outlook on
what the future will be.
And this is a technology you
knew from Einstein and physics,
that moving through time is
something that is theoretically
possible, but in mainstream
technology, not been done.
And back in the 1930s, we
had a lot of discussion
about the theory of time travel,
especially in the German kind
of approach to physics.
But also, and I think
this is nothing new,
the Germans back then--
so we're talking
about the Nazis--
were experimenting on that.
They had different
experiments on time travel,
and they did not
succeed on this.
But when we're talking
about the Greys,
they are, indeed, a
time travel species.
And it's not the only one.
There are different
time traveling species
that have influenced
the human history a lot.
So this was a tactical
move from the Greys
to show how to use this
technology while still keeping
something for their agenda,
giving it to the government.
>>EMERY: Do they reach
out to individuals
or do they interact with our
governments and militaries
only?
>>TIM: That depends
on the species.
When we are talking about
interfrequentials or higher
frequential beings,
they usually tend
to interact with
subjects or individuals
because they tend to have
developed further than having
a society in that way.
But when we're talking
about authoritarian species,
like the Greys
are, they are used
to reach out to
governmental structures,
so that's what they did.
But we also have
manipulator species,
and they do reach
out to individuals,
which are kind of the breed.
So I mean, when we're
talking about hybrids,
there are a lot of
hybrids on this planet.
For example, some reptilian
species are doing manipulation
on the genetics of
humans, and they also
have mostly genetically
influenced reptilian breeds
on Earth.
So in order to prevent
that, these breeds
get lost in the
trouble and busyness
of the planetary system.
And also, in the challenges
that the installation that we
have on this planet right now,
which is going to be removed,
they reach out to the breed
and they communicate with them
directly.
So coming back to
your question, we
have authoritarian species
that are reaching out
to the government because
they are used to communicating
with the government.
We have interfrequentials
who reach out
to individuals that are on
a kind of spiritual path,
for example, or are open-minded
enough, or even receiving
some ideas that seems
to come from nowhere,
but they are clearly
communicating with them.
But we also have some species,
like reptilians, also,
the Greys and
different others, that
are reaching out to their
own breedings or hybrids.
>>EMERY: Which of
these ET races are
adversarial towards humans
versus supportive or neutral
towards us?
>>TIM: So we're going
to examine something
in a future episode which
is called a installation.
This is a type of
installation that
has been said to be
put over the planet
to stop and to hinder
humanity from developing.
So everyone listening to
this will, at some point,
experience how challenging
it is to move forward
into the spiritual
path on this planet,
and that's kind of
this installation.
And it's done by a specific
reptilian race, at least,
this is what the Greys
are accusing them of.
It's been said that there
are many similar cases
in the universe
where a planet that
has a high potential
of development
gets hindered by some
kind of installation.
Some are more
sophisticated, more subtle.
Some others are pretty--
the slaverish type of
planetary installation.
The reason why this is
happening on Earth for so long
is that the one here is
pretending that everything
developed naturally.
And it's also playing with the
free will of the humans that
are involved with this.
And everyone is
involved with this right
now, even if a different
species come to this planet.
So for example, those
beings we talked about,
lizard beings that can project
their consciousness outside
to move and manipulate
their appearance,
they cannot do that for too long
because the overall structure
of this planet and this
installation kind of hinders
their ability too.
So it's not that only humans
are affected by this, but also,
every other kind of species
that gets into this planet.
And so what we find is that some
species that have already been
liberated, they also tend
to be very, very helpful
in removing installations and
hinderings all over the place.
>>EMERY: Who are
these ETs who actually
installed the installations?
>>TIM: It's been said that this
is a special type of reptilian
race that knows that humans
have a very high potential
of development of evolution.
There is a model that
defines the overall potential
of evolution of species, and
humans, especially those humans
here on Earth, tend to have
a very, very high potential.
They do not live up to that
yet because this installation,
which has been put here
for thousands of years,
is hindering them.
>>EMERY: Are there
beings out there
that support humanity
and are working
against these installations?
>>TIM: There are, Emery.
And it's right now where this
installation gets removed
by a consortium of
different species
that are either working together
very closely or loosely.
Because it took some time
to realize what's happening
on Earth because it seemed that
all the potential that has been
let out came from the
free will of humans,
but it kind of doesn't.
Because this installation
we're talking about
is designed to make it
very, very complex and hard
to maintain your spiritual
path and to grow and to bring
into your--
to come into your
perfect potential.
So there's quite
a list of beings
that are, in some
way or another,
trying to remove
this installation.
We have humanoid species that
went through some similar kind
of process, and
they come here, they
function as tactical
advisors as well.
But we also know that
there is an effort
by the earthly
governments to remove it.
So even they have
a great interest
in removing this installation.
And that's what
they do right now.
>>EMERY: Of all the
types you've met,
who do you feel the
most connected to?
>>TIM: So I might sound a
bit biased because there's
so much information
on the Greys that
is going to be released
because they're
very relevant for the process.
But there's also a
species that claims
to have the origin of
Venus, which I've met,
and they're pretty
harmonious in their lifestyle
and the way they think.
And I think that I can
relate very much to them.
As well, we will explore
what we call the Being Six
in an upcoming episode,
which are blue beings,
and we're going to reveal
where their origin come from.
>>EMERY: What more can you tell
us about these Venus beings?
>>TIM: They claim to have
originated on the planet Venus.
They evolved from that.
So they are in a very
high consciousness state.
They can appear as humans, and
they do influence human people
on Earth.
>>EMERY: In a positive
or negative way?
>>TIM: Oh, in a
total positive way.
Because, see, they had a very
non-challenging way to evolve.
They did not know any conflicts.
They did not know any war.
They came to realize that we
are all one, which means they
have no room for competing.
They have no room
for war, et cetera.
>>EMERY: No ego.
>>TIM: Yeah.
And also, they're very
loving and very harmonious,
which totally makes sense.
If everything is one,
then it's totally--
it totally makes sense to
uplift and to cooperate,
which is a thing in the
universe and in nature itself.
And because they did that
as a collective memory or as
a collective, they uplifted
themselves very quickly.
But they came when they
found humans and structures,
and they were, from
their perspective,
working with people in the
past and the ancient worlds.
But when more challenging
influences came to Earth,
they also came to
find that they needed
to go away from Earth
because they are threatened.
They cannot preserve the
positive evolution here
on Earth because there were too
many influences right on this
planet.
>>EMERY: Human
emotion, human love,
these are things that define
humanity and our spirituality.
Does that exist in the
extraterrestrial world
of beings?
>>TIM: Yes.
There are beings that have
more deep, profound emotions.
There are other beings
that are capable of feeling
less emotions.
But high frequential emotions
have a very, very important
role in the universe
because the higher
the frequency of an
emotion and of an emotional
status there is, the higher the
potential of a stable universe.
So if you think about
mother love, which
is one of the ranking very high
on the table of high frequency
emotions, this is something
that is super stable and also
connected with the natural
form of the universe
as the universe--
it is just some kind
of intelligent energy
that became aware of the
probabilities of itself.
But through gaining mother love
as a driving factor, it becomes
so compassionate
and so connected
with the creative force
and with every one of us
that this is something
that really keeps us alive,
makes us stable.
Other forms-- and
not all species
feel that and are
capable of that.
And this is also a reason
why the Greys are having
their stocks in humanity
because humans are capable
of a lot of positive
and great emotions.
These emotions
come from a status,
from a stable status
of the universe,
and we are experiencing
them, mother
love as the creative love that
comes from a source that would
be alone without the creation.
And through having the
creation, the child of creation,
it can reconnect and has a
sense and a reason to be alive,
and that is super, super stable.
That's also the reason
why in a so-called--
we call that theoretical
second, the universe was female.
But we all know the universe
is neither male nor female
but everything all at once.
And this is only a
theoretical second,
but some practical-- at least,
some beings, for example,
Being Six says that
some practical reality
comes from that, and
also, some challenges.
The Greys have gotten
rid of a lot of emotions
because they saw
them as a hindering,
blocking factor to
their evolution,
but now, are realizing that
those emotional frequencies are
very strongly linked to
the sense and the reason
for being, and through
that, stability occurs.
>>EMERY: What about
hate, jealousy, abuse,
and those kinds of things?
>>TIM: One might think in
an idealistic worldview
that strong, negative emotional
states that bring frequency
down, like hate or
anger, are detached
from the unified
model of source,
and that's not the case.
It's still source.
It's still the universe.
On Earth, there is this
misunderstood concept of gods,
and I don't know, some opponent
or counter player to that,
and it's pretty hard to
explain that both forces are
the same being.
But the one status is
pretty destabilized
and will eventually fail
because it's self-destruction,
and self-destructing,
and the other status
is something where the
universe is an alternative form
to itself where it is
compassion, and love,
and affection, or friendship,
or fun with itself.
And that is where we want to go.
We want to acknowledge that we
have this amazing opportunity
to love each other,
to be together.
And even though we are one,
we can all inspire ourselves.
We can receive ideas from
that wondrous cosmos and all
those ideas, and even
explore ourselves a lot.
So the one version will
finally and eventually fail,
and through that, in a
self-selecting process,
fade off, and the other version
that is stable and will remain
is a beautiful, harmonious,
and living concept of home.
>>EMERY: Tim,
fascinating information.
Thank you so much for
being on the show.
>>TIM: Thank you.
>>EMERY: I'm Emery Smith, and
this is "Cosmic Disclosure."
Until next time.
>>ANNOUNCER: Next, on
"Cosmic Disclosure."
>>EMERY: Is there a
Galactic Federation?
>>TIM: We are talking
about a mindset being
that is at level
six consciousness.
Lots and lots of
different beings,
whole star systems and
groups that are part of this.
There are members within this
Federation that are invasive
and they are pushing it,
for example, the Greys.
They have showed
the consequences
of continuing this deception
that's going on on Earth.
[THEME MUSIC]